context: I've applied to the following job: https://castoredc.bamboohr.com/careers/32
Senior Platform Engineer

AT CASTOR, WE DRIVE FASTER, SMARTER MEDICAL RESEARCH



We believe that faster, more diverse clinical trials help extend the human health span and provide a greater return on investment.



We strive to improve the clinical trial experience for patients, sites and sponsors, using technology to accelerate every step of the clinical trial journey.



Our modular clinical trial platform enables the capture and re-use of research data from anywhere, anytime and helps optimize each activity in the clinical trial journey by reducing human effort with technology. From recruitment to monitoring, we help make it easier to design and deploy trials, enroll and engage patients, collect data and analyze results.



Next to being very purpose-driven, we are proud of our caring company culture. We follow our values diligently and take the well-being of each Castorian seriously. Sounds like something for you? Read on !



WHAT YOU`LL FOCUS ON

As a Senior Platform Engineer, you will be joining the team which supports Castor’s developers in getting their services running in production in a secure and reliable manner. After successfully completing a journey into public cloud throughout 2021-2022, our team is now helping development teams leverage cloud technologies and SaaS options in their products with a focus on containerization utilizing Kubernetes. As such, the main focus of this role is to build out a platform and fundamental infrastructure necessary for product development teams to operate their services on top of Azure cloud solutions and Kubernetes.
Typical day to day work will also include maintenance work necessary to “keep the lights on”, onboarding services to Kubernetes, development of supporting services and internal developer tooling using Python or Go.




As part of your role you will also take part in our on-call rotation.



WHO ARE YOU? 

You have 5+ years of experience in DevOps or Site Reliability Engineering, but we’re open to a broad range of skills and expertise. Do you have experience in application development roles, working on plenty of deployment pipelines and monitoring/observability problems? We’d love to hear from you!
You have the ability to describe the advantages and drawbacks of various system/cloud architectures and crafting architectural designs for them.
You care deeply about security, reliability, and building systems that meet high operational standards.
You’re a strong advocate for best practices, and you enjoy sharing your knowledge through documentation, training, and mentorship.


WHAT YOU`LL BRING

Strong professional experience  with container orchestration tools such as Kubernetes or Nomad, and development tooling within this area.
An understanding of DevOps and Site Reliability Principles, and the ability to explain how these models enable efficient IT operations.
Proficiency in deploying and optimizing cloud-based solutions in one of the major cloud providers, such as Azure.
Experience building CLI applications or web-based projects, preferably in Python or Go.
Proficiency in using at least one configuration management tool, such as Ansible.
Experience with server and application performance monitoring and the ability to troubleshoot such issues.
A commitment to engineering excellence, including high code quality, comprehensive testing, and operational robustness.
Strong communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to work effectively across teams.
Experience collaborating with other engineers through code reviews, design discussions, documentation, and knowledge-sharing sessions.
It would be good if you had

Experience supporting event-driven architecture.


Please note this is a European timezone based role, we are open to hire from different European countries, however, at this moment we are unable to accept applications from France, Germany, Belgium, Spain, and Switzerland.



How Castor takes care of you



At Castor we truly live and breathe one of our core values, believing we can achieve anything with a healthy and happy team. Our benefits reflect this:



Guaranteed annual ‘happy holidays’ bonus  
Employee Stock Option Plan 
Learning & Development Budget to support your growth
Unlimited annual leave 
A fully remote role, with support for your home office set-up
A flexible working schedule: nobody is tracking your time except you, we focus on output and delivery
A great work-life balance
Quarterly downtime weeks, well-being workshops, sleeping courses, access to OpenUp, virtual company events and celebrations


We are a remote company. At Castor,  we value flexibility and believe that the best talents can work anywhere in the world. From flexibility improvements to productivity growth, we want to make sure you are happy, healthy, and productive while working from home.  



Every Castorian counts. We celebrate you for who you are. We build products to make clinical research accessible to the world and a company where everyone, anywhere, is welcome. It does not matter where you are from, where you are based, or what your gender, age, or sexual orientation is.



Our remote setup is for your family, your work-life balance, your mental health, and your right to be your most authentic self. You are celebrated for who you are, for all the differences that define you. We want your unique voice to be heard and succeed together as a happy and healthy team!



Castor continues to grow as an Equal Opportunities Employer. We strongly encourage applications from women, people of color, and people from the LGBTQ(+) community. Please feel free to share the pronouns you use (for example she/her/hers, he/her/his, they/them/theirs, etc.).

--

I've received the following technical assessment:

The objective of this assignment is to assess your skills in developing a basic API and
your proficiency with version control, testing, and containerization.
In a real-world scenario we’d write this in either Python or Go, as those are the
programming languages we use on our team for real projects. For the purpose of this
assignment however, you are free to choose any programming language that you
are comfortable with.
Objective
Develop and package a simple Fruits API service with three endpoints, as described
below:
- Return all fruits in JSON format:
[
{
"id": <ID>,
"fruit": "apple",
"color": "red"
}
]
- Return a specific fruit in JSON format.
- Add a fruit by sending a JSON payload.
Data Storage
Ensure that data is persistent across requests.
API Documentation
Your API should include clear instructions on how to interact with it, including how to
add a new fruit and retrieve fruits.
Requirements:
- Make the code available on GitHub or GitLab. Please provide a link to the
repository. (If you’d like to keep the repository private, please let us know, and
we’ll send you the usernames of the reviewers to add as project contributors
to give them access)
- Include tests to verify the functionality of your API.

castoredc.com | 1

- Create a CI/CD pipeline that performs the following steps:
- Runs tests to ensure code integrity.
- Builds a container image for your API.
- Publishes the container image to the GitHub/GitLab container registry.

Submission
Once you have completed the task, please share the link to your repository and any
additional documentation necessary for us to review your project. Ensure that your
repository is well-structured and documented, making it easy for us to understand
and evaluate your work.
Our initial expectation is that you can complete the technical assignment within 2- 4
hours.
Please add the following used to the repo; @MattiasAng and @mirsafari
If you encounter any issues or have questions during the test, please do not hesitate
to reach out to us for clarification.
We look forward to reviewing your submission and discussing your solution in the
upcoming interview. Good luck, and thank you for your time and effort!

-----
I will build this in python, using FastAPI and Docker.
I will use Azure (portal.azure.com) to deploy the container image and the API
This is my Azure account email: samuel.beuran.devops@hotmail.com
This is my subscription data:
Subscription ID
:
49daa054-c7d7-49ad-9e8f-033cc2affadc
Directory
:
Default Directory (samuelbeurandevopshotmail.onmicrosoft.com)
Status
:
Active
Parent management group
:
0504f8be-fd82-4b49-984d-02af4a92764b
Subscription name
:
DevOps Sandbox
My role
:
Owner
Plan
:
Azure Plan
Secure Score
:


----

Work as the best DevOps engineer in the world, follow the code best practices, scalabililty and API performance
